Add additional requests examples. (#5927)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/asyncio.rst

         into your own code.

Async additional requests

> =========================

Reviewer: :lipstick: No strong opinion, but I wonder if we could find a better title, since technically yielding a request from a callback also gives you an async additional request. Maybe “Inline requests”?

Author: Added suggestion.

> The spider below shows a single use-case of scraping a page and gathering a price from a separate URL::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spider below shows how to send a request and await its response all from 
within a spider callback:

.. code-block:: python
```

PS: Using `.. code-block:: python` will trigger a pre-commit error until you apply black formatting to the code.

Author: Added suggestion.

> The spider below shows a single use-case of scraping a page and gathering a price from a separate URL::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spider below shows how to send a request and await its response all from 
within a spider callback:

.. code-block:: python
```

PS: Using `.. code-block:: python` will trigger a pre-commit error until you apply black formatting to the code.

Author: Duplicated.

    class SingleRequestSpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "single"
        start_urls = ["https://example.org/product"]

        async def parse(self, response, **kwargs):
            additional_request = scrapy.Request('https://example.org/price')
            deferred = self.crawler.engine.download(additional_request)
            additional_response = await maybe_deferred_to_future(deferred)
            yield {
                'h1': response.css('h1').get(),
                'price': additional_response.css('#price').get(),
            }

> 
> The spider gathering batch requests::

Reviewer: I would avoid using the word “batch” here, as I think it can be confusing. To me, batch requests means “send a batch of requests, wait for all of them, then send another batch, wait again”, which is not exactly what we are featuring here.

```suggestion
You can also send multiple requests in parallel:

.. code-block:: python
```

>     class BatchRequestsSpider(scrapy.Spider):
>         name = "batch"
>         start_urls = ["https://example.com/product"]
> 
>         async def parse(self, response, **kwargs):
>             additional_requests = [
>                 scrapy.Request("https://example.com/price"),
>                 scrapy.Request("https://example.com/color"),
>             ]
>             coroutines = []
>             for r in additional_requests:
>                 deffered = self.crawler.engine.download(r)
>                 coroutines.append(maybe_deferred_to_future(deffered))
> 
>             responses = await asyncio.gather(
>                 *coroutines, return_exceptions=True
>             )
>             yield {
>                 'h1': response.css('h1::text').get(),
>                 'price': responses[0].css('.price::text').get(),
>                 'color': responses[1].css('.color::text').get(),
>             }

Reviewer: I don’t think that will work with the non-asyncio Twisted reactor. Could you see of you can get a working alternative with DeferredList, in line with the following (untested) code?

```suggestion
    from twisted.internet.defer import DeferredList

    class BatchRequestsSpider(scrapy.Spider):
        name = "batch"
        start_urls = ["https://example.com/product"]

        async def parse(self, response, **kwargs):
            additional_requests = [
                scrapy.Request("https://example.com/price"),
                scrapy.Request("https://example.com/color"),
            ]
            deferreds = []
            for r in additional_requests:
                deferred = self.crawler.engine.download(r)
                deferreds.append(deferred)
            responses = await maybe_deferred_to_future(DeferredList(deferreds))
            yield {
                'h1': response.css('h1::text').get(),
                'price': responses[0].css('.price::text').get(),
                'color': responses[1].css('.color::text').get(),
            }
```

Author: Fixed. Added some fixes because `response` converted to a list of tuples.

Author: Moved imports from twisted to scrapy.

Reviewer 2: > I don’t think that will work with the non-asyncio Twisted reactor. 

That's why it's in asyncio.rst, not in coroutines.rst :P

Author: @wRAR @Gallaecio 
As a working sample, we can add `asyncio` reactor in the example:

```
class MultipleRequestsSpider(scrapy.Spider):
    ...
    @classmethod
    def update_settings(cls, settings):
        settings["TWISTED_REACTOR"] = "twisted.internet.asyncioreactor.AsyncioSelectorReactor"

    async def parse(self, response, **kwargs):
        ...
        responses = await asyncio.gather(
            *coroutines, return_exceptions=True
        ...
```

Reviewer: Assuming the point is to show how to use inline requests, I think moving the examples to coroutines.rst is the way to go, instead of keeping them asyncio-specific.
